I am currently getting ready for my last year as an undergraduate at Indiana University Bloomington, where I have studied a variety of fields under the programming spectrum. I came to IU as a computer science student with a general idea of the kind of work I wanted to do, but quickly found out the areas I&rsquo;m most passionate about. In my sophomore year I took my first class on mobile app development and found myself enjoying the work I was doing, especially with visual elements. At the same time, I was starting on my game design minor, which was a field I had always been interested in exploring. While continuing on with my game design minor, I switched my degree path to Informatics to focus on web and app development, since many of the courses offered at IU over the subject weren&rsquo;t under the computer science department. The classses I began taking further grew my interest in the work I was doing, largely due to the course where I learned how to work with databases in SQL. Working with databases scratched an itch for me, since I had always been interested in data analysis. I have recently made another change to my degree path because of it, choosing to work towards getting a masters in data science. With the remainder of my time as an undergrad, I will continue to study my areas of passion. I&rsquo;m looking forward to completing my minor in game design, which I feel I&rsquo;ve learned a lot from. What I look forward to most, however, is a course where I&rsquo;ll be designing apps for large companies such as ESPN and Adobe.

After graduating, I plan to make full use of the skills I&rsquo;ve practiced in college. Ideally I&rsquo;ll work with either a focus on design or data analysis in the fields of web/app or game development. Outside of the work I will do for my official career, I plan to make use of my other talents on my own time. The skills I have gained in college will allow me to work on my own and complete full projects. I plan to begin my career by working with companies that can develop and refine my skills, eventually settling on a skillset to focus on. 

I currently work as a teaching assistant for mobile app development in iOS, which has allowed me to maintain practice in the field while I continue my other studies. I&rsquo;ve also been able to work closely with others interested in becoming developers and learn from them. I plan to do the same in the coming semesters with other classes I have taken such as web design and information representation with SQL. I&rsquo;ve also worked at IU Rec Sports for the past two school years, which has allowed me to work with students in a variety of fields. Over the summers I work in construction building bleachers across the Midwest. The job has allowed me to get to know the Chicagoland area better, especially through work with major companies. 

I grew up in the Chicagoland area, just over the border into Indiana. Over the years I&rsquo;ve spent more time in the city, but most of my life has been spent in the flat little towns on the south side of Lake Michigan. Although there isn&rsquo;t much to do there, there is a unique melting pot of people from all around the world who&rsquo;s families came to the United States to work in Chicago. I&rsquo;ve been spoiled with great food all my life, having authentic cuisine from every culture within a short drive. <br> I haven&rsquo;t always lived in the Midwest, however, since I was born in Austin, Texas. I lived in the weird city for the first 2-3 years of my life, but moved before I could form any memories. I&rsquo;ve only been back once when I was seven, but look forward to going back sometime (hopefully) soon. <br>I currently live in Bloomington, Indiana for 8/9 months of the year, and its just the right amount of feeling like home and feeling new. The climate and wildlife are mostly the same, but the hilly terrain and mix of people are completly different. Bloomington has become a second home to me, and I&rsquo;ll be sad to leave after I graduate.

My list of hobbies is pretty lengthy, which is a blessing and a curse. I&rsquo;m always looking to try new things, and many of them tend to stick. Some hobbies are simply sports that I&rsquo;ve played since I was young, such as tennis, but others I&rsquo;ve picked up out of my own interest like thrifting and skateboarding. The most constant of my hobbies, however, has been biking. Growing up in the Chicago area, I&rsquo;ve been spoiled with a large system of bike trails built on what were once railroad tracks. Over the summers I make use of every opportunity I have to bike as far as I can on the trails. I hope to carry over this passion in cycling to my time at IU, possibly joining a Little 500 team in the coming school year. <br>I&rsquo;ve also had a passion for video games since I was young, which I&rsquo;ve since turned into the beginnings of a career. The freedom of crativity and constant growth of the industry through passion instead of profit has always intrigued me, so I hope to have the same effect on others that others had on me growing up.

I&rsquo;m ambitous in the life I wish to lead, with a long list of things I want to do and places I want to go before my time is up. Highest up on the list is my desire to live in Japan, which has been a goal of mine for years. The country&rsquo;s culture, history, and scenery are the main draw for me, but what makes it all come together for me is just how well it fits into my career plans. Japan&rsquo;s tech sector, specifically in app and game development, has a lot to offer. I&rsquo;ve been steadily preparing to move there sometime after college, but I plan to stay in the United States for a few years before I leave. <br>My day-to-day interests are much less ambitious, with most involving appreciation of art and nature. I&rsquo;m a chronic listener of music, so its rare to find me without headphones on, earbuds in, or speakers running. Ever since I got a turntable a few years ago, I&rsquo;ve been steadily collecting records to listen to while I do my schoolwork or read. I&rsquo;d also like to call myself a cinephile, but have found it difficult to fit in the time to watch movies recently. <br>My interest in the outdoors, on the other hand, has only expanded during my time at IU. I have taken multiple classes through IU Outdoor Adventures, even training to become a trip leader for them, which has led me to appreciate the outdoors so much more. I&rsquo;ve become very interested in backpacking and mountain biking since taking courses on them, and would have loved to teach classes on them if it weren&rsquo;t for the scheduling conflicts with my other jobs.